Added metrics cardinality handling for Google Cloud Spanner receiver - part 3. (#6229)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/googlecloudspannerreceiver/README.md

Brief description of configuration properties:
- **googlecloudspanner** - name of the Cloud Spanner Receiver related section in OpenTelemetry collector configuration file

> - **collection_interval** - this receiver runs on an interval. Each time it runs, it queries Google Cloud Spanner, creates metrics and sends them to the next consumer(60 seconds by default). **It is not recommended change the default value fo collection interval, since new values for metrics in Spanner database appear with 1 minute interval.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **collection_interval** - this receiver runs periodically. Each time it runs, it queries Google Cloud Spanner, creates metrics, and sends them to the next consumer (default: 1 minute). **It is not recommended to change the default value of collection interval, since new values for metrics in the Spanner database appear only once a minute.**
```

Author: Done.

- **top_metrics_query_max_rows** - max number of rows to fetch from Top N built-in table(100 by default)
- **backfill_enabled** - turn on/off 1-hour data backfill(by default it is turned off)

> - **cardinality_total_limit** - total cardinality handling limit(amount of active series per 24 hours period). If specified - turns on cardinality filtering/handling. If zero or not specified - cardinality is not handled. You can read [this document](cardinality.md) for getting more information about cardinality handling/filtering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cardinality_total_limit** - limit of active series per 24 hours period. If specified, turns on cardinality filtering and handling. If zero or not specified, cardinality is not handled. You can read [this document](cardinality.md) for more information about cardinality handling and filtering.
```

Author: Done.
